well I hope you don't have any plans for
tonight because you've only got a couple
of hours before the end of civilization
as we know it hell you remember the big
scare of 2000 oh no all the computers
are going to go crazy dams and power
plant failures hurry take all your money
out of the bank all communications down
and what happened nothing I don't even
remember getting a paper cut in two
thousand and like 12 years are going to
change anything I for one book 2013
knocks its back a few pegs this rat race
we call life is due for the evolution
just ask your grandparents hey how about
reading something called history for a
change
Oh
you